# Packt_Publishing_courses_by_Tomasz_Lelek
https://www.packtpub.com/books/info/authors/tomasz-lelek

- Microservices in Scala World: 
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/microservices-scala-video

- Building Microservice with AKKA HTTP:
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/building-microservice-akka-http-video

- Building Microservices with Lagom:
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/building-microservices-lagom-video

-Big Data Processing using Apache Spark:
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/big-data-processing-using-apache-spark-video

-Real Time Streaming using Apache Spark Streaming:
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/real-time-streaming-using-apache-spark-streaming-video

-Writing High Performance Java Application in Java 9:
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/writing-high-performance-java-application-java-9-video

-High Performance Java:
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/high-performance-java-video

-Build scalable applications with Apache Kafka:
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/build-scalable-applications-apache-kafka-video

-Spark for Machine Learning
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/spark-machine-learning-video

-Identifying Behaviour Patterns using Machine Learning Techniques
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/identifying-behaviour-patterns-using-machine-learning-techniques-

-Spring 5.0 Project: Building a Travel Website
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/spring-50-project-building-travel-website-video

-Learning Apache Cassandra
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/learning-apache-cassandra-video

-Building a Big Data Analytics Stack
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/building-big-data-analytics-stack-video

-Learn Algorithms and Data Structures in Java for Day-to-Day Applications
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learn-algorithms-and-data-structures-java-day-day-applications-video

-Advanced Analytics and Real-Time Data Processing in Apache Spark 
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/advanced-analytics-and-real-time-data-processing-apache-spark-vid

-Solving 10 Hadoop'able Problems 
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/solving-10-hadoopable-problems-video

-Docker for Java Developers
https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/docker-java-developers-video

-Advanced Machine Learning with Spark 2.x
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/advanced-machine-learning-spark-2x-video

-Enterprise Automation with Python
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/enterprise-automation-python-video

-AWS Networking Solutions 
https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/aws-networking-solutions-video


